# Prompt 1
You are given distances between 10 cities, labeled 'A' to 'J', as well as the fares between each city. You need to create a travel schedule that starts from point A, visits all the places, and returns to A. Your schedule should minimize the travel cost.

# Justif 1
Response 1 is better than response 2. 
Functionality and Performance - Response 1 is faster in terms of time complexity. In response 2, the time complexity is the number of cities times factorial of the number of cities, as shown in lines 24-34. Response 1 does a kind of depth-first traversal. So, the time complexity is the order of a number of edges plus the number of vertices i.e., N-squared, which is much better than (N*N!).
Both codes were locally tested on VSCode environment with the corresponding libraries set.

# Prompt 2
Update the implementation to just visit 3 cities starting from A and returning to A. Again, your algorithm should minimize the travel cost.

# Justif 2 original

Response 1 is better than response 2.
Functionality and Performance - Response 1 correctly visits 3 cities A, B, and C whereas, in response 2, 4 cities are visited, as per the output generated by it.
Also, response 2 assumes that the next cities to visit are B, C, and D as shown in lines 18-19. But, that information was never provided as input. Response 1 doesn't make any such assumption. Again, all codes were locally tested to check these assumptions.

# Justif 2 modif

Response 1 is better than response 2.
Relevance & Completeness - Response 1 correctly visits 3 cities A, B, and C whereas, in response 2, 4 cities are visited, as per the output generated by it.
Also, response 2 assumes that the next cities to visit are B, C, and D as shown in lines 18-19. But, that information was never provided as input. Response 1 doesn't make any such assumption. Again, all codes were locally tested to check these assumptions.

# Prompt 3
Now, instead of 3 cities starting from A, your algorithm can pick any 3 cities. You can start from any city, and end at any city. Provide the updated algorithm.

# Justif 3 original
Response 2 is better than response 1. Functionality and performance - The output of response 1 doesn't give a minimum cost, whereas the output of response 2 does. Response 1 gives A, B, and C which costs 15. In response 2 the output is E, D, C. So, the total cost is 10. Clearly, response 2 gives the correct output. Locally tested, as before.

# Feedback

Dear tasker, good job! I Just corrected minor things to your attempt:
Prompt 2:
    Changed the deviation's dimension from Functionality & Performance to Relevance & Completeness.
Prompt 3:
    I added where were the codes tested in the justification.

Please continue the good work :) I would add more complexity next time in order to get higher grades!